You've got a few things the other way around, and I will help you with organizing your checklist.
You can't help that that is not where we need it to be.
But look at sheet number three.
The end result is that you have contract A and B, and contract A is just commissioned
and we will always take 10% for ourselves and the agent will also take 10%.
So that is always free cash flow to us.
If there is an asset that we'd like to acquire, so for example with field clouds for leaf
clouds, we will acquire 50,000 euros worth of assets, which are clouds related.
We will also, and this is very important, the promoter's retainer will be fixed.
So for example, we are currently looking at getting, what's his name, Jan on the retainer
without a retainer, right?
To keep those people with us is very hard.
So to us, it is very important that they are on that payroll.
The same is true, for example, for Timberworks, for Eckhart, his retainer, just one subsidy.
If you want to put Dr. Danica on your payroll, the leafy greens take care of it.
The Puvaya on the retainer and potentially pay for a little bit of their ongoing costs,
put them on the retainer.
So you buy loyalty with that and you need to explain that better.
You buy loyalty by just paying specialists to do their job.
That is a direct benefit to us, because otherwise it's a cash out to us.
So also, and transcribe this, get this into the head of you and Mark, without the promoter,
you can't do it.
The promoter would require money regardless.
Just getting subsidy to pay that promoter is cash to us because we get his expertise
or hers, my apologies.
Then we also have specialists that we need to hire to do feasibility studies and what
the crap.
Very often that is not even the most expensive, because the exporters very often will assist
regardless, and then we also can allocate things to buffer.
Now this is not going to be the case, right?
This is not how it's going to actually look by the end of it, but the most important part
is that this is how you need to think about it, that the value coming to the ex novus
is significant and you buy specialists and you buy retainers, sorry, the retainers for
the promoters with that.
And also this is why piling on subsidies on top of each other for the same project is
In the first subsidy, you already got the retainer for the promoter, in the second subsidy,
you don't need to pay for it anymore, you already got it.
So pile five different subsidy applications, holy mmf, right, that's how you make the money.
So speak back to me on how you understand it and how you would like to pitch it.
This is the way you ought to do it.
